Add resolved to message component data (#5590)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/interactions/Receiving_and_Responding.md

|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| custom_id      | string                                                                                                            | the [`custom_id`](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/custom-id) of the component                             |
| component_type | integer                                                                                                           | the [type](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/component-object-component-types) of the component             |
| values?\*      | array of [select option values](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object-select-option-structure) | values the user selected in a [select menu](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_MESSAGE_COMPONENTS/select-menu-object) component |

> | resolved?      | [resolved data](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-resolved-data-structure)           | converted users + roles + channels + attachments                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resolved?      | [resolved data](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-resolved-data-structure)           | additional details about selected options                                                                |
```

Reviewer: not super picky here, but we should abstract away "users + roles + channels + attachments" and save that for the details in the resolved docs section.

Author: Sorry for lack of an answer for a long period of time.

Are you sure "details" is going to be appropriate here? I would personally rephrase it to be something like:
```suggestion
| resolved?      | [resolved data](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_RECEIVING_AND_RESPONDING/interaction-object-resolved-data-structure)           | resolved entities from selected options                                                                         |
```
